Update change-user-storage.md (#2277)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: OneDrive/change-user-storage.md

  
> [!NOTE]
> For info about setting the default storage space, see [Set the default storage space for OneDrive users](set-default-storage-space.md). For info about the storage available for your Microsoft 365 subscription, see the [OneDrive service description](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=826071).

> [!NOTE]

> > The ability to change an indivduals storage from the UI is still not available for Multi-Geo enabled tenants. Please continue to utilize the Powershell method outlined below until this functionality becomes available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The ability to change an individual's storage from the user interface is still not available for Multi-Geo enabled tenants. Please continue to use the PowerShell method outlined below until this functionality becomes available. 
```
